Adjust readme for CfP openning (#10)
software-composition-analysis/fosdem-2022-devroom: README.md

  - Automating policies
  - SCA combined with other techniques, such as static analysis

## Talks format

Since this is going to be a virtual event, we are planning to use the following structure:

> The entire devroom will be structured into several session blocks: Each block will be dedicated to a relevant topic, as listed above. Each of the blocks are planned to start with 3 short **lightning talks about 15 minutes** (might be a little bit less but not more) each as the first part. These presentations need to be **pre-recorded** ahead of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The devroom will be organized in multiple sessions of 1:30 hour each. 

Each session will group three presentations related to the same general topic followed by a live panel discussion and QA session with the presenters. 

Each session will start by a 45 minutes segment with **three short presentations**, about 15 minutes each maximum. 

These presentations must be **pre-recorded** ahead of time and uploaded two weeks before FOSDEM i.e., by January 22nd 2022.
```

Author: @pombredanne I agree with your proposal, just one comment on the deadline for video uploading: if I remember correctly last year videos upload deadline was second week of January so the 14th. I guess that we can initially publish with the 14th as the initial deadline and extend to the 22nd once we get more details from organization team. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: +1 on requesting it on Jan 14th (then pushing out based on feedback).

Reviewer: @amottier I set the 22nd because I asked the FSODEM admins on IRC and they want the records uploaded 2 weeks before... and the 22nd is two week before Feb 5th.

> Then, as a second part of the block, a **virtual live panel for 30 mins** is planned with the speakers of the lightning talk as panelists and a moderator asking questions and moderating questions from the participants. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, in the second part of the session, the three speakers of this session will join for a 30 minutes **live online panel** on Jitsi for live Q&A and panel discussion moderated by one of the volunteer organizers of this devroom.
```

> With this approach we plan to support a combination of prepared presentations and interactive discussions even for a virtual event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this combination of shorter recorded talks and longer live Q&A panel discussions, we expect a more interactive and lively virtual devroom event.
```

> Once your talk is accepted, we will be there to help you to produce the pre-recorded content. We will review the content, ensure it has the required quality and make sure (after you upload it) the content is into the system and ready to broadcast. On the D day, you must be available online during the whole "block" to answer participants questions received in the chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your presentation is accepted, we will be there to help you to produce the pre-recorded content.  Be ready to start recording right away the record will need to be uploaded two weeks before FOSDEM such that the volunteer organizers have enough time to get the ready. We will review the content to check that it has acceptable quality and make sure the content is correctly available in the FOSDEM system and ready for broadcast. On our FOSDEM day, you **mus** be available online during the whole session duration to answer participants questions received in the chat and participate in the live Jitsi session. Note that we will try to adjust your scheduling preference requests if possible, but in general the reference time zone for the event is Brussels time! 
```

Author: I have the same comment as previsouly: maybe secure it with "**three** weeks before FOSDEM" and update it to "two weeks" once we get more details.

Reviewer 2: May as well manage expectations to 3 weeks.

Reviewer: Two weeks is the guidance I got from FOSDEM admins

Author: I'm keeping 3 weeks because submitter are always late :)

    
## How to submit?

Please submit your proposals at https://penta.fosdem.org/submission/FOSDEM22 Deadline: **December 19th 2021**.

If you already have a Pentabarf account (for example as a result of having submitted a proposal in the past), make sure you use it to log in and submit your proposal. Do not create a new account if you already have one. Please provide a bit of information about yourself under Person -> Description -> Abstract. When you submit your proposal (creating an "Event" in Pentabarf), make sure you choose "Software composition and dependency management devroom" in the track drop-down menu. Otherwise your proposal might go unnoticed. Fill in at least a title and abstract for the proposed talk (note that abstract and full description will be concatenated).

What information are required: 

> - General: First and last name / Nickname (optionnal) / Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- General: First and last name / Nickname (optional) / Picture
```

- Contact:
  - email address

>   - mobile number (this is a very hard requirement as there will be no other reliable form of emergency communication on the day)

Reviewer: IMHO we need to find a different wording for this

Author: This is the wording of Pentabarf so we can't do anything about it.

Reviewer 2: s/optionnal/optional/

Reviewer: :+1:

Create an event:
- On the General page: Event title (required) / Event subtitle (optionnal).
- Track: Select "Software composition and dependency management devroom"
- Event type: Lecture (talk)
- Persons: Add yourself as speaker with your bio.
- Description: Abstract (required) / Full Description (optionnal)
- Links: Add relevant links.

If you have any issues, please contact dependency-devroom-manager at fosdem.org. You can also send us a notification of your submission there.

> **Important dates:**

Reviewer: Could this be moved at the top?

Author: Yes, I'll do that once we resolved the discussion related to video recording deadline.

- December 19th 2021: Deadline for submission of proposals

> - December 27th 2021: Final notification to authors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- December 27th 2021: You receive a notification that your presentation has been accepted or not
```

If you already have a Pentabarf account (for example as a result of having submitted a proposal in the past), make sure you use it to log in and submit your proposal. Do not create a new account if you already have one. Please provide a bit of information about yourself under Person -> Description -> Abstract. When you submit your proposal (creating an "Event" in Pentabarf), make sure you choose "Software composition and dependency management devroom" in the track drop-down menu. Otherwise your proposal might go unnoticed. Fill in at least a title and abstract for the proposed talk (note that abstract and full description will be concatenated).

What information are required: 
- General: First and last name / Nickname (optional) / Picture
- Contact:
  - email address
  - mobile number (this is a very hard requirement as there will be no other reliable form of emergency communication on the day)

Create an event:
- On the General page: Event title (required) / Event subtitle (optionnal).
- Track: Select "Software composition and dependency management devroom"
- Event type: Lecture (talk)
- Persons: Add yourself as speaker with your bio.

> - Description: Abstract (required) / Full Description (optionnal)

Reviewer 2: s/optionnal/optional/

Author: Thanks, done.
